BUILDING.md, before:

# Building Password Manager
## Prerequisites
### Source Code
The following repositories must be cloned to build Password Manager:

1. git clone https://github.com/petr-panteleyev/java-utilities.git utilities
2. git clone https://github.com/petr-panteleyev/java-crypto.git crypto
3. git clone https://github.com/petr-panteleyev/java-password-manager.git password-manager

Crypto is available from Maven Central which means it should be cloned only if full sources are required for IDE project.

### Encryption
JDK must be updated with [Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) Unlimited Strength Jurisdiction Policy Files](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html).

### JAR Signing configuration
The following properties must be set in `settings.xml`:

```
<keystore.path>/path/to/keystore</keystore.path>
<keystore.alias>keystore-alias</keystore.alias>
<keystore.password>keystore-password</keystore.password>
```

## Building Dependencies

```
cd <utilities>
mvn install -f shared.xml
mvn install
```

## Building JAR File

```
cd <password-manager>
mvn package
```

## Building Signed JAR File

```
cd <password-manager>
mvn package -P sign
```

## Building Standalone JAR
Standalone (fat) JAR is always signed.

```
cd <password-manager>
mvn package -P fatjar
```

Commit message:

Password Manager 1.0.1
* New icons
* Auto scrolling during drag and drop

BUILDING.md, after:

# Building Password Manager
## Prerequisites
### Source Code
The following repositories must be cloned to build Password Manager:

1. git clone https://github.com/petr-panteleyev/java-utilities.git utilities
2. git clone https://github.com/petr-panteleyev/java-crypto.git crypto
3. git clone https://github.com/petr-panteleyev/java-password-manager.git password-manager

Crypto is available from Maven Central which means it should be cloned only if full sources are required for IDE project.

### Encryption
JDK must be updated with [Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) Unlimited Strength Jurisdiction Policy Files](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html).

## Building Dependencies

```
cd utilities
mvn install
```

## Building JAR File

```
cd password-manager
mvn package
```

## Building Standalone JAR
Standalone (fat) JAR is always signed.

```
cd password-manager
mvn package -P fatjar
```

## Building Native Packages

```
cd password-manager
mvn clean
mvn package -P fatjar
mvn exec:exec@<native-dist>
```

Where &lt;native-dist> depends on native OS and packaging.

`dist-mac` produces DMG file. Its content can be copied to the Applications folder as is.

`dist-win` produces EXE file with a simple installer. This option requires additional software. Please refer to
[javapackager](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/tools/unix/javapackager.html) documentation for details.

`dist-linux` produces DEB file. This option was tested on Ubuntu.

`dist-rpm` produces RPM file. This option was tested on OpenSUSE Leap 42.2.

Resulting package can be found in `password-manager/target/dists/bundles`.
